Several FFI Sections: Strings, Errors, and API Design (#106)
rust-unofficial/patterns: idioms/ffi-errors.md

# Error Handling in FFI

## Description

In foreign languages like C, errors are represented by return codes. However, Rust's type system allows much more rich error information to be captured a propogated through a full type.

This best practice shows different kinds of error codes, and how to expose them in a usable way:
1. Flat Enums should be converted to integers and returned as codes.

> 1. Structured Enums should be converted to an integer code with a string error message for detail.
> 1. Custom Error Types should become "transparent", with a C representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Structured Enums should be converted to an integer code with a string error message for detail.
3. Custom Error Types should become "transparent", with a C representation.
```
